ached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 55 from 0, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 9, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 36 from 0, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 8, subgoal 13 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 13, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 9, subgoal 0 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 40 from 0, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 9, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 1, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 9, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 8, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 10 from 0, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 9, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 9, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 9, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 9, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 9, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 9, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 6 from 0, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 5, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 8, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 48 from 0, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 23, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 9, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 9, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 9, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 9, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 9, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 27 from 0, subgoal 27 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 27, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 9, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 8, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 9, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 11, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 1, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 9, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 8, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 8, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 26, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 18, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 23 from 0, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 8, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 9, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 8, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 9, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 9, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 9, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 9, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 9, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 9, subgoal 0 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 0, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 9, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 9, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 8, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 8, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 9, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 15 from 0, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 23 from 0, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 62 from 0, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 9, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 8, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 8, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 9, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 8, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 9, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 12 from 0, subgoal 12 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 12, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 58 from 0, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 26, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 33 from 0, subgoal 33 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 33, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 18, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 4, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 0, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 9, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 16 from 0, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 9, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 8, subgoal 32 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 32, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 8, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 8, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 8, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 9, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 9, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 8, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 9, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 9, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 9, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 9, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 8, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 8, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 9, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 58 from 0, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 8, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 8, subgoal 33 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 33, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 8, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 9, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 8, subgoal 0 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 18, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 9, subgoal 0 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 9, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 8, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 2, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 9, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 8, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 37 from 0, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 28, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 9, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 9, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 25, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 8, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 9, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 9, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 9, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 22 from 0, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 26, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 26 from 0, subgoal 26 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 26, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 8, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 9, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 11, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 8, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 39 from 0, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 9, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 9, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 9, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 8, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 9, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 9, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 8, subgoal 6 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 6, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 8, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 57 from 0, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 9, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 9, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 1, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 8, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 8, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 9, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 8, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 9, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 4, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 8, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 8, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 9, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 8, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 15, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 8, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 9, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 9, subgoal 0 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 0, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 8, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 8, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 8, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 50 from 0, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 9, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 8, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 9, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 8, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 21, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 9, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 8, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 9, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 8, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 1 from 0, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 1, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 8, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 9, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 9, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 9, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 8, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 9, subgoal 1 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 9, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 9, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 18, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 9, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 1 from 0, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 1, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 8, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 8, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 2, subgoal 3 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 3, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 50 from 0, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 8, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 7, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 9, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 9, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 43 from 0, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 9, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 17 from 0, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 17, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 1, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 15 from 0, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 9, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 8, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 9, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 8, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 33, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 24, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 43 from 0, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 9, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 9, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 1, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 8, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 8, subgoal 0 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 8, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 9, subgoal 3 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 3, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 11, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 1 from 0, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 1, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 36 from 0, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 9, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 8, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 9, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 55 from 0, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 9, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 9, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 25, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 8, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 8, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 9, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 8, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 9, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 8, subgoal 3 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 3, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 9, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 18, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 8, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 39 from 0, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 9, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 5, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 55 from 0, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 8, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 9, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 8, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 9, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 22 from 0, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 36 from 0, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 9, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 8, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 9, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 9, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 8, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 8, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 44 from 0, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 9, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 8, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 9, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 8, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 8, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 9, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 8, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 23, subgoal 1 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 9, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 8, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 44 from 0, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 8, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 8, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 0, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 9, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 8, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 9, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 9, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 9, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 8, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 25, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 9, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 9, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 47 from 0, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 9, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 8, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 9, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 8, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 39 from 0, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 22 from 0, subgoal 22 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 22, subgoal 1 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 43 from 0, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 34 from 0, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 8, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 1, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 15 from 0, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 9, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 17, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 8, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 9, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 9, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 61 from 0, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 39, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 9, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 8, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 9, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 8, subgoal 0 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 61 from 0, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 9, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 13 from 0, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 8, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 57 from 0, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 8, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 9, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 25, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 9, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 9, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 9, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 40, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 61 from 0, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 9, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 18, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 30, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 8, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 9, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 9, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 8, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 9, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 8, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 8, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 8, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 8, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 33 from 0, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 9, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 44 from 0, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 8, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 48 from 0, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 8, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 34 from 0, subgoal 34 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 34, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 1 from 0, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 1, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 8, subgoal 3 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 3, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 11, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 16 from 0, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 9, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 9, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 9, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 8, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 9, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 18, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 9, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 8, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 8, subgoal 0 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 8, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 8, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 8, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 25, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 44 from 0, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 9, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 47 from 0, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 21, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 14 from 0, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 51 from 0, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 8, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 8, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 9, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 9, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 18, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 8, subgoal 3 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 3, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 11, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 9, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 18, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 8, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 8, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 8, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 3 from 0, subgoal 3 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 3, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 8, subgoal 12 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 12, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 8, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 8, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 22 from 0, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 9, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 8, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 9, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 2, subgoal 3 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 3, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 8, subgoal 0 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 11, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 9, subgoal 21 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 21, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 8, subgoal 0 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 44 from 0, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 8, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 60 from 0, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 8, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 8, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 8, subgoal 14 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 14, subgoal 0 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 9, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 8, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 55 from 0, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 33, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 18, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 9, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 62 from 0, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 25, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 9, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 37 from 0, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 8, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 9, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 9, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 58 from 0, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 9, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 8, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 10, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 16 from 0, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 8, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 9, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 9, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 9, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 9, subgoal 0 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 11, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 15 from 0, subgoal 15 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 15, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 8, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 15 from 0, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 9, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 18, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 9, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 32 from 0, subgoal 32 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 32, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 10 from 0, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 28, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 8, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 43 from 0, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 8, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 34, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 9, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 9, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 9, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 9, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 9, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 9, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 60 from 0, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 8, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 8, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 8, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 8, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 10, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 43 from 0, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 9, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 8, subgoal 0 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 9, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 9, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 61 from 0, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 9, subgoal 26 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 26, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 48 from 0, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 9, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 9, subgoal 0 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 45 from 0, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 26 from 0, subgoal 26 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 26, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 9, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 23 from 0, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 9, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 25, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 9, subgoal 14 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 14, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 9, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 24, subgoal 1 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 25, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 9, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 8, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 8, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 9, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 11, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 8, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 8, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 9, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 9, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 8, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 17, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 8, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 17, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 8, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 8, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 9, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 9, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 9, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 2, subgoal 3 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 3, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 11, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 39 from 0, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 9, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 11 from 0, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 11, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 16 from 0, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 8, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 9, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 25, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 9, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 32 from 0, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 57 from 0, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 9, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 8, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 7, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 9, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 50 from 0, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 8, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 8, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 9, subgoal 12 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 12, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 8, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 11, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 9, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 9, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 18, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 16, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 8, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 9, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 9, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 33 from 0, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 9, subgoal 26 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 26, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 9, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 7, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 44 from 0, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 33, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 9, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 9, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 8, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 20 from 0, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 8, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 25, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 5, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 8, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 8, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 8, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 5, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 13 from 0, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 18, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 9, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 9, subgoal 0 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 28, subgoal 1 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 9, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 14 from 0, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 8, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 9, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 9, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 9, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 1, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 9, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 8, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 8, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 8, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 9, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 9, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 9, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 9, subgoal 12 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 12, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 8, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 15 from 0, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 32 from 0, subgoal 32 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 32, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 9, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 25, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 9, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 8, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 36 from 0, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 8, subgoal 6 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 6, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 9, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 8, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 23, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 60 from 0, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 9, subgoal 20 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 20, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 32 from 0, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 8, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 9, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 8, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 8, subgoal 56 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 56, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 9, subgoal 3 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 3, subgoal 12 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 12, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 8, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 9, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 8, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 9, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 9, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 8, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 8, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 4, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 8, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 9, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 25, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 8, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 8, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 9, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 8, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 11 from 0, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 8, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 25, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 9, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 1, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 8, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 8, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 8, subgoal 0 reached? False
begin train sub goal 1 from 0, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 1, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 2, subgoal 27 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 27, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 9, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 22 from 0, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 8, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 9, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 9, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 10, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 9, subgoal 0 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 8, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 8, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 8, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 22 from 0, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 25, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 8, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 9, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 8, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 9, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 9, subgoal 1 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 8, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 9, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 17 from 0, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 9, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 9, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 1 from 0, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 1, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 9, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 15 from 0, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 8, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 8, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 9, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 9, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 9, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 8, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 9, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 8, subgoal 27 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 27, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 56 from 0, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 9, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 9, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 9, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 8, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 9, subgoal 0 reached? False
begin train sub goal 26 from 0, subgoal 26 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 26, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 9, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 2 from 0, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 8, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 8, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 8, subgoal 33 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 33, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 34 from 0, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 20 from 0, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 9, subgoal 1 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 8, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 9, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 8, subgoal 12 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 12, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 8, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 8, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 8, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 9, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 9, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 9, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 9, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 8, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 11 from 0, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 8, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 23 from 0, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 9, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 9, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 9, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 5 from 0, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 8, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 9, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 8, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 9, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 8, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 9, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 9, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 2 from 0, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 8, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 38 from 0, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 11, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 9, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 9, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 17, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 60 from 0, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 60 from 0, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 8, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 8, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 8, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 57 from 0, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 9, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 8, subgoal 33 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 33, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 9, subgoal 21 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 21, subgoal 1 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 8, subgoal 27 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 27, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 8, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 27 from 0, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 8, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 8, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 44 from 0, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 18 from 0, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 18, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 8, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 5 from 0, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 9, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 17, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 8, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 9, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 55 from 0, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 22 from 0, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 9, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 9, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 8, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 9, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 9, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 8, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 9, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 9, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 1, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 8, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 9, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 9, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 17 from 0, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 8, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 11, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 8, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 11, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 8, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 8, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 22 from 0, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 8, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 9, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 22 from 0, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 9, subgoal 0 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 9, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 2, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 8, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 8, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 8, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 4, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 10 from 0, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 57 from 0, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 9, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 9, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 25, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 1, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 38 from 0, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 8, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 8, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 8, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 39 from 0, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 8, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 9, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 8, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 9, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 8, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 9, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 8, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 9, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 8, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 8, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 9, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 8, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 8, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 8, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 8, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 8, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 9, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 57 from 0, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 9, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 25, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 9, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 8, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 9, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 8, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 8, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 15 from 0, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 17 from 0, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 17, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 5, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 9, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 9, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 9, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 56 from 0, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 9, subgoal 20 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 20, subgoal 1 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 9, subgoal 3 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 3, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 43 from 0, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 8, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 8, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 8, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 9, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 8, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 9, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 1, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 13 from 0, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 8, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 9, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 9, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 8, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 1, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 9, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 8, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 36 from 0, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 8, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 8, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 9, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 8, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 9, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 9, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 9, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 9, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 8, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 9, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 8, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 10, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 21 from 0, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 21 from 0, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 8, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 8, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 18, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 28, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 8, subgoal 0 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 8, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 8, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 2, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 8, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 14 from 0, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 8, subgoal 34 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 34, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 8, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 8, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 8, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 9, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 27 from 0, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 33, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 50 from 0, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 9, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 8, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 23 from 0, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 9, subgoal 0 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 8, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 9, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 8, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 45 from 0, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 9, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 8, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 0, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 8, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 9, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 55 from 0, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 1, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 8, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 8, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 7, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 9, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 1, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 8, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 8, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 9, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 15, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 10 from 0, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 9, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 9, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 8, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 8, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 8, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 9, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 8, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 30 from 0, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 9, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 45 from 0, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 9, subgoal 0 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 8, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 4, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 9, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 21, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 18, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 8, subgoal 22 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 22, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 8, subgoal 32 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 32, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 18 from 0, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 18, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 36 from 0, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 57 from 0, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 9, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 9, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 4, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 9, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 8, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 0, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 17, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 8, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 8, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 9, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 9, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 27 from 0, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 9, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 25, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 8, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 8, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 9, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 8, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 9, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 8, subgoal 0 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 9, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 8, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 9, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 8, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 3 from 0, subgoal 3 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 3, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 33 from 0, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 8, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 51 from 0, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 9, subgoal 26 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 26, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 8, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 8, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 9, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 18, subgoal 32 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 32, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 9, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 9, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 38, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 8, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 8, subgoal 33 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 33, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 9, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 8, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 9, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 9, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 8, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 21 from 0, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 8, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 18, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 8, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 8, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 11, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 8, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 8, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 8, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 9, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 9, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 8, subgoal 0 reached? False
begin train sub goal 11 from 0, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 47 from 0, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 8, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 8, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 8, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 9, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 9, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 9, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 1, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 8, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 53 from 0, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 9, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 8, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 8, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 9, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 8, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 62 from 0, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 5, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 8, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 9, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 8, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 11 from 0, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 11, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 9, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 15, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 8, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 8, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 8, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 9, subgoal 32 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 32, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 9, subgoal 6 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 6, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 39 from 0, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 1, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 9, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 18 from 0, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 18, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 9, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 34, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 8, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 9, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 8, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 8, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 8, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 9, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 8, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 8, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 8, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 9, subgoal 32 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 32, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 27 from 0, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 13 from 0, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 8, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 9, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 1, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 1, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 9, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 8, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 44 from 0, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 8, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 9, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 8, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 4, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 9, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? False
begin train sub goal 6 from 0, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 8, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 23 from 0, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 8, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 9, subgoal 1 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 9, subgoal 6 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 6, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 8, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 4, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 3 from 0, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 8, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 8, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 8, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 9, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 58 from 0, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 21 from 0, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 8, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 8, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 8, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 34 from 0, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 16, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 62 from 0, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 9, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 9, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 9, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 8, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 9, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 8, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 9, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 8, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 8, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 27 from 0, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 8, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 0, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 9, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 23 from 0, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 9, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 60 from 0, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 9, subgoal 25 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 8, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 8, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 9, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 9, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 8, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 9, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 8, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 9, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 25, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 8, subgoal 32 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 32, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 8, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 8, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 8, subgoal 0 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 55 from 0, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 9, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 25 from 0, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 25, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 9, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 8, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 9, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 8, subgoal 34 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 34, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 9, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 8, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 8, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 17, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 8, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 8, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 8, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 8, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 8, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 8, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 1, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 8, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 9, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 8, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 9, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 8, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 1, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 9, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 8, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 8, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 8, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 17, subgoal 26 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 26, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 9, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 1, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 8, subgoal 10 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 10, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 9, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 16 from 0, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 8, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 8, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 9, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 25 from 8, subgoal 25 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 25, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 9, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 9, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 9, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 9, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 8, subgoal 20 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 20, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 26, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 27 from 0, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 8, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 8, subgoal 3 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 3, subgoal 12 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 12, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 11 from 0, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 11, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 9, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 8, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 9, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 1, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 30 from 0, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 9, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 9, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 8, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 9, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 2 from 0, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 9, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 8, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 8, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 8, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 8, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 8, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 58 from 0, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 9, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 9, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 34, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 9, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 50 from 0, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 9, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 3 from 0, subgoal 3 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 3, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 9, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 18, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? False
begin train sub goal 44 from 0, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 9, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 21, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 9, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 8, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 8, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 11, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 9, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 9, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 8, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 9, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 8, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 57 from 0, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 9, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 8, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 9, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 9, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 18 from 8, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 18, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 8, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 8, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 1 from 0, subgoal 1 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 9, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 9, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 8, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 9, subgoal 1 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 26 from 8, subgoal 26 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 26, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 17, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 9, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 3 from 0, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 56 from 0, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 53 from 0, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 9, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 8, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 9, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 9, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 8, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 27 from 0, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 9, subgoal 3 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 3, subgoal 11 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 11, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 2, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 9, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 58 from 0, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 8, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 16, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 8, subgoal 13 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 13, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 9, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 9, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 8, subgoal 34 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 34, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 8, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 8, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 14 from 0, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 9, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 53 from 0, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 8, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 0 from 8, subgoal 0 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 32 from 8, subgoal 32 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 8, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 13 from 8, subgoal 13 reached? False
begin train sub goal 27 from 0, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 9, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 9, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 9, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 1 from 0, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 1, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 9, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 9, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 30 from 0, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 8, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 9, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 9, subgoal 2 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 23, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 9, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 9, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 8, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 2 from 0, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 9, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 8, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 33 from 0, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 9, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 9, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 9, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 23 from 0, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 9, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 8, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 61 from 0, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 8, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 9, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 8, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 9, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 8, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 56 from 9, subgoal 56 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 8, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 9, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 9, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 33 from 9, subgoal 33 reached? False
begin train sub goal 27 from 0, subgoal 27 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 27, subgoal 1 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 48 from 9, subgoal 48 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 9, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 8, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 1, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 9, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 9, subgoal 17 reached? True
begin train sub goal 47 from 17, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 8, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 9, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 8, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 47 from 0, subgoal 47 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 9, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 9, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 62 from 0, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 8, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 15 from 9, subgoal 15 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 9, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 9, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 37 from 8, subgoal 37 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 9, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 14 from 0, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 9, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 61 from 8, subgoal 61 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 9, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 9, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 58 from 9, subgoal 58 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 8, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 8, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 24, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 9, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 1, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 9, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 8, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 22 from 9, subgoal 22 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 9, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 13 from 0, subgoal 13 reached? True
begin train sub goal 12 from 13, subgoal 12 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 3 from 8, subgoal 3 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 39 from 9, subgoal 39 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 9, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 1 from 9, subgoal 1 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 1, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 6 from 9, subgoal 6 reached? False
begin train sub goal 27 from 0, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 9 from 0, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 43 from 8, subgoal 43 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 9, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 5 from 8, subgoal 5 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 18 from 0, subgoal 18 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 18 from 0, subgoal 18 reached? True
begin train sub goal 2 from 18, subgoal 2 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 2, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 38 from 9, subgoal 38 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 21 from 8, subgoal 21 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 62 from 8, subgoal 62 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 34 from 8, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 23 from 8, subgoal 23 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 8, subgoal 30 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 9, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 8, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 60 from 8, subgoal 60 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 10 from 8, subgoal 10 reached? False
begin train sub goal 20 from 0, subgoal 20 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 20, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 55 from 0, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 55 from 8, subgoal 55 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 57 from 8, subgoal 57 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 20 from 8, subgoal 20 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 16 from 8, subgoal 16 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 8, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 34 from 0, subgoal 34 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 9, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 27 from 8, subgoal 27 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 30 from 9, subgoal 30 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 30, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 9, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 50 from 8, subgoal 50 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 11 from 9, subgoal 11 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 44 from 9, subgoal 44 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 14 from 9, subgoal 14 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 36 from 8, subgoal 36 reached? False
begin train sub goal 53 from 0, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 9, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 7, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 51 from 8, subgoal 51 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 45 from 9, subgoal 45 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 9, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 17 from 9, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 17 from 0, subgoal 17 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 53 from 9, subgoal 53 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 40 from 8, subgoal 40 reached? False
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 0, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? True
begin train sub goal 9 from 8, subgoal 9 reached? True
begin train sub goal 8 from 9, subgoal 8 reached? False

Process finished with exit code 0
