gin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 7, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 7, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 31, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 7, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 4, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 31, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 7, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 7, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 7, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 7, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 7, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 7, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 7, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 7, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 7, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 7, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 7, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 7, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 7, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 7, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 7, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 31, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 7, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 7, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 31, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 7, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 31, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 7, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 7, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 31, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 31, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 7, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 31, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 31, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 31, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 31, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 31, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 7, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 31, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 31, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 31, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 31, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 28, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 28, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 7, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 31, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 28, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 4, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 63 from 0, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 7, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 4, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 4, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 24, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 28, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? True
begin train sub goal 7 from 4, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 24, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 4 from 24, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? True
begin train sub goal 24 from 28, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? True
begin train sub goal 28 from 31, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 63 from 24, subgoal 63 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? True
begin train sub goal 31 from 24, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 31 from 0, subgoal 31 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 24 from 0, subgoal 24 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 28 from 0, subgoal 28 reached? False
begin train sub goal 7 from 0, subgoal 7 reached? False
begin train sub goal 4 from 0, subgoal 4 reached? False